DOCSP-32370 Add Field Customization Content (#49)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/mapping-rules/fields/field-customizations.txt

.. _rm-field-customizations:

======

> Fields

Reviewer: [suggestion] Is this a concept? Should we title it "About Fields" or even go off-script and call it "Customize Fields"?

======

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

You can customize fields when adding or editing your mapping rules. 
Relational Migrator allows you to define custom fields using 
:ref:`rm-calculated-fields`, define custom IDs using 
:ref:`rm-id-field-customizations`, or convert your source 
relational column data types into :ref:`a supported BSON data type<rm-field-supported-types>`.

Use Cases
---------

You can use field customization to:

- Include or exclude fields in your mapping rules.
- Change field names.
- Rename fields to include a dotted path, which results in 
  that field embedded in a parent document. For details, see 
  :ref:`embedding fields<rm-embedding-individual-fields>`.
- Customize ``_id`` fields using JavaScript expressions.
- Customize a field using JavaScript expressions.
- Configure null handling behavior.

Behavior
--------

The fields section contains a list of fields derived from columns 
in the relational table. Mapping rules include each column by default. 

> You can exclude a field from your sync job by unchecking the box. 

Reviewer: [suggestion] You might consider a global search for "by" in order to edit these "by ...-ing" constructions out. 

"To exclude a field from your sync job, uncheck the box."

The field name initially matches the column name (with the 
:ref:`global casing <rm-global-casing>` applied). Modify the 

> name by editing the text box. You can click the :icon-fa5:`chevron-left`

Reviewer: As above. "To modify the name, edit the text box."

icon next to each field to reveal additional options.

- Relational Migrator assigns a default data type to your MongoDB fields 
  that most closely matches the source column data type. 

- You can use the :guilabel:`BSON Type` drop-down menu to change the MongoDB 
  field data type to a different data type to fine-tune your schema. 
  If the chosen type is not compatible with the source values, each 
  field converted results in an error during the sync job. Sync jobs 
  continue until the user-defined maximum error threshold is reached.

.. _rm-embedding-individual-fields:

> - You can rename a field and include a ``.`` to embed fields in the 

Reviewer: [suggestion] Consider starting the sentence with the user's goal. Applies globally. 

"To embed child fields in a parent document, rename the field in the form ``parent.child``. For example..."

  document. For example, renaming the field ``productName`` to 

>   ``product.name``, results in an embedded document, ``product``. Any 

Reviewer: [grammar] No comma needed here. Rewritten for clarity.

```suggestion
  ``product.name`` results in a child document, ``name``,  embedded within the parent document, ``product``. Any 
```

  additional fields with the same ``product.`` prefix are also 
  embedded as children.

- Change a source relational datatype to a specific MongoDB BSON datatype.

  .. _rm-field-supported-types:

>   - Supported data types for converted fields include: ``Boolean``, 

Reviewer: [suggestion] A list or sub-list always needs at least two items. If you only have one item in a list, then it isn't a list :) Consider rewriting without the sub-list item.

    ``Date``, ``Decimal``, ``Double``, ``Integer``, ``Long``, and ``String``.
    For details, see :ref:`conversion examples<rm-data-type-conversion-guide>`.

> - :guilabel:`Null Handlings` allow you to specify the behavior 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use :guilabel:`Null Handlings` to specify the behavior 
```
